Doc/minor improvement (#227)
grafana/faro-web-sdk: docs/sources/tutorials/quick-start-browser.md

});
```

### With OpenTelemetry tracing on backend on different domain than frontend

> By default, OpenTelemetry's XMLHttpRequestInstrumentation and FetchInstrumentation
> inject the traceparent header only into requests sent to the same origin as the current window.
> To this functionality to other origins, you can enable it by setting up propagateTraceHeaderCorsUrls as shown below.
> only inject traceparent header to request send to the same domain than the current windows.
> To enable it to others backend please set up propagateTraceHeaderCorsUrls as show below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, OpenTelemetry's XMLHttpRequestInstrumentation and FetchInstrumentation
inject the traceparent header only into requests send to the same origin as the current window.
To enable this functionality for other origins, you can enable it by setting up propagateTraceHeaderCorsUrls as shown below.
```

});
```

### With OpenTelemetry tracing on backend on different domain than frontend

> By default opentelemetry's XMLHttpRequestInstrumentation and FetchInstrumentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, OpenTelemetry's XMLHttpRequestInstrumentation and FetchInstrumentation inject the traceparent header only into requests sent to the same origin as the current window. To this functionality to other origins, you can enable it by setting up propagateTraceHeaderCorsUrls as shown below.
```

only inject traceparent header to request send to the same domain than the current windows.
To enable it to others backend please set up propagateTraceHeaderCorsUrls as show below.

```ts
import { getWebInstrumentations, initializeFaro } from '@grafana/faro-web-sdk';
import { TracingInstrumentation } from '@grafana/faro-web-tracing';

const instrumentationOptions = {

>   propagateTraceHeaderCorsUrls: [new RegExp("BACKEND_SERVER(S)_REGEX")] // This is a list of spécifique URI or regex 

Reviewer: // This is a list of specific URIs or regular exprressions
```suggestion
  propagateTraceHeaderCorsUrls: [new RegExp("BACKEND_SERVER(S)_REGEX")] // This is a list of spécifique URI or regex 
```

}

const faro = initializeFaro({
  url: 'http://localhost:12345/collect',
  apiKey: 'secret',
  instrumentations: [...getWebInstrumentations(), new TracingInstrumentation({ instrumentationOptions })],
  app: {
    name: 'frontend',
    version: '1.0.0',
  },
});
```

### With custom OpenTelemetry tracing configuration

> The following example configure OTel manually and uses `FaroTraceExporter` and
> call `faro.api.initOTEL` with OTel traceand context APIs.
> If you just want to change wich instrumentations is used, please use the
> [instrumentations option](https://github.com/grafana/faro-web-sdk/blob/main/packages/web-tracing/src/types.ts)
> of TracingInstrumentation class.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example, demonstrates how to configure OpenTelemetry manually using the `FaroTraceExporter`. To achieve this, we call the `faro.api.initOTEL` function with the `OTELTraceAPI` and `OTELContextAPI` as parameters.

If you want to change or modify the instrumentations used, you can easily achieve this by utilizing the [instrumentations option](https://github.com/grafana/faro-web-sdk/blob/main/packages/web-tracing/src/types.ts) within the `TracingInstrumentation` class.
```

const ignoreUrls = [COLLECTOR_URL];

> // please note that this instrumentation come from open telemetry and can't be used directly 

Reviewer: Please be aware that this instrumentation originates from OpenTelemetry and cannot be used directly in the initializeFaro instrumentations options. If you wish to configure these instrumentations using the initializeFaro function, please utilize the instrumentations options within the TracingInstrumentation class.

faro.unpause();
```

## How to activate debugging

> Enable faro internal logger:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the Faro internal logger, follow these steps:
```

```ts
import { initializeFaro, InternalLoggerLevel } from '@grafana/faro-web-sdk';

const faro = initializeFaro({
  url: 'https://collector-host:12345/collect',
  apiKey: 'secret',
  app: {
    name: 'frontend',
    version: '1.0.0',
  },

>   internalLoggerLevel: InternalLoggerLevel.VERBOSE, // Values possible: OFF, ERROR, WARN, INFO, VERBOSE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  internalLoggerLevel: InternalLoggerLevel.VERBOSE, // Possible values are: OFF, ERROR, WARN, INFO, VERBOSE
```

});
```

> Enable opentelemetry debug logger:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the OpenTelemetry debug logger, follow these steps:
```
